Add lsp-smart-contracts in the Tools (#424)
lukso-network/docs: docs/tools/lsp-smart-contracts/constants.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Constants

> The [`constants.js`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/constants.js) file exposes many useful variables.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a code snippet here like in the README to show the consstants we can import?

```js
import {
    INTERFACE_IDS,
    ERC1271,
    OPERATIONS,
    SupportedStandards,
    ERC725YKeys,
    BasicUPSetup_Schema,
    PERMISSIONS,
    ALL_PERMISSIONS,
    Errors,
    EventSignatures,
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/constants.js";
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

```javascript
import { INTERFACE_IDS, ERC1271_VALUES } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/constants.js';
// etc.
```

> You can find more information on [interface IDs](../../standards/smart-contracts/interface-ids.md) the [`README.md`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/README.md).

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
You can find the [interface IDs](../../standards/smart-contracts/interface-ids.md) of the smart contracts in or more information in the [`README.md`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/README.md).
```
